Excuse me. Can you tell me the way to Wang Fujing da Ji'er?
Certainly. Go across Dong Chang and Ji'er. Go along the street and turn left at the
third street on the left. It's near here so you can walk there.
Great. And I'd like to buy a guide book about Beijing.
Is there a bookshop near here? Yes. There is a big bookshop over there.
Just along Shi Chang and Ji'er on the right opposite the bank.
Right. Okay. I also want to visit the National Stadium.
How can I get there? Sorry. I'm not sure. Why not ask the policeman over there?
Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome.
Could you tell me how to get to the National Stadium? Sure. Go along the street
and you'll see an underground station. Take the underground to the Olympic
Sports Center or you can take a bus or a taxi. Thanks a lot. You're welcome.
Have a nice day.